Hello, I want to call the police.
Tang Lu, Building 7, No. 96 Chaonan Road
Are you mad at me?
I was wrong and I will never dare again
Have you offended anyone recently?
I'm a lawyer.
What do you think, lawyer, then you are naturally out of luck
Usually this kind of case doesn't come to an end
I know because it didn't have a major impact.
No casualties
So the case can't be investigated.
But we will try our best.
Please don't sleep here tonight
You are not safe as a woman
Thanks.
Where can I go so late?
I have no friends
No girlfriend
Tang Jian Tang Jian
You are a failure.
How dare you call me
I hurt my leg and it's inconvenient to go downstairs
Shouldn't you be responsible for doing this for you?
You're quite reasonable
Sure. I'd be hungry and order my own takeout. I don't eat takeout!
Then my sister will cook for you, okay?
I happen to be hungry too
Ah!
Yeah little brat
See how I'll deal with you later.